DOC-1961: Enabled variant of toggleable `tox-button` and `tox-button—​secondary`: it now supports `hover/active/focus/disabled` states. (#2685)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.2-release-notes.adoc

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Enabled variant of toggleable `tox-button` and `tox-button—​secondary`: it now supports `hover/active/focus/disabled` states.
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the class `--enabled` for `tox-button--secondary` was not defined.
> 
> As a consequence, when the button was enabled it wasn't rendered correctly.
> 
> To fix this issue, the class `--enabled` for `tox-button--secondary` has now been defined in {productname} 6.4.2, which now allows the button to render correctly when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== The `tox-button` and `tox-button-secondary` buttons now support the `hover`, `active`, `focus`, and `disabled` states.

In previous versions of {productname}, the `--enabled` css class for `tox-button` and `tox-button-secondary` was not defined.

As a consequence some {productname} UI buttons, when selected so as to enable the option they represent, did not render as expected in all states.

With this update, the `--enabled` class has been defined and enabled {productname} UI buttons render as expected in all states.
```

Suggested edit.

> With this update, the `--enabled` css class has been definded. And {productname} toolbar buttons render all their  possible states as expected when the UI option a button represents is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, the `--enabled` css class has been defined. And {productname} toolbar buttons render all their  possible states as expected when the UI option a button represents is activated.
```

Typo correction.
